Enable zipkin endpoint configuration via environment variable (#1924)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: src/OpenTelemetry.Exporter.Zipkin/README.md

   associated with the telemetry has "service.name" defined, then it'll be
   preferred over this option.

> * `Endpoint`: URI address to receive telemetry (default `http://localhost:9411/api/v2/spans`).

Reviewer: Although not added by this PR, I wonder if we require the endpoint to have a training `/` or not or both should work.

Author: I think both should work. Example here https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.uri?view=net-5.0#examples shows both without actually specifying recommended way. In code we do not use trailing '/' so we can keep it same here.

   It can be configured using two ways:

>    1. [Incode](../../examples/Console/TestZipkinExporter.cs)

Reviewer 2: "Incode" isn't a word I don't think. How about "Via code" and "Via environment variable" instead?

Author: @CodeBlanch - I fixed it now. Please review. Thanks!

Reviewer 2: Looks good!

   2. [Via environment variable](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/sdk-environment-variables.md#zipkin-exporter)

>    If both `Code` and `Environment variable` method is used, Code will take precedence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If both `Code` and `Environment variable` methods are used, Code will take precedence.
```

Reviewer: Or considering to rephrase this:

```markdown
The configuration can be provided either in the code or via environment variables, with code taking precedence over environment variables.
```

Author: > Or considering to rephrase this:
> 
> ```gfm
> The configuration can be provided either in the code or via environment variables,
> with code taking precedence over environment variables.
> ```

Applied this suggestion.

   associated with the telemetry has "service.name" defined, then it'll be
   preferred over this option.
* `Endpoint`: URI address to receive telemetry (default `http://localhost:9411/api/v2/spans`).

   The endpoint configuration can be provided either [via code](../../examples/Console/TestZipkinExporter.cs)
    or

>    [via environment variable](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/sdk-environment-variables.md#zipkin-exporter),

Reviewer 3: nit: my preference here is to explicitly list the env vars that are supported by the exporter: the spec can change before we update the env vars that are actually supported. See https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/2123/files#diff-797b5292d89d2baa2c473633f23703a029fbeb2c4bfe86281512d6243d029a3eR55
